Background
In this final application, you will be able to show off all your new C++ skills! This program requires most of the skills you have acquired in this course. Good news you already have a lot of this code already written since it is based on a C++ program you have worked on in previous assignments! Now with that said, this project is not as easy any of the assignments you have done before, however, it is worth the most at 200 points which is two letter grades! Start before you think you need to on this project! 

For this assignment Expand your 11 Assignment - Header and Source Code files for Projects and Interactive Fiction. Use this C++ project and satisfy the following requirements!
Requirements
The more humor in this program the better you will remember it. 
Your program must contain a description for the user of what it does.
Your program must ask for the user's name, then greet them by name,
Your program must contain simple/primitive data type variables.
Your program must be able to print text to the display.
Your program must accept user input.
Your program must use one or more types of loops. For example, "for loop", or "do "while loop", or the "while loop".
Your program must have at least one other function that takes parameters and returns a value which is called from main.
Your program must use at least one reference
Your program must use at least one pointer
Your program must have at least one additional header file (.h) you created. 
Your program must have at least one additional code file (CPP) you created.
Your program must use heavy comments in the code showing a good understanding of your code. 
Your program must include at least two classes, one base class, and one child class.
Your program must demonstrate inheritance correctly. 
Your program must your private and public correctly to demonstrate encapsulation. 
Your program must be placed in GitHub
You may make your program graphical, however, you are only required to have a text-based console application. Get your program working using the text before you think about making a GUI.
The video is a demonstration of all functionality in your final project.  There is no maximum time requirement, but there is a requirement to demonstrate all functionality from a user perspective only.
Not from the role of the developer. 
This will be worth half of your grade on this assignment. 
Tell an interesting story, sell your program to the viewer on how exciting it is! You can use your phone to make the video. Point it at your and your screen as you talk about your final and demo it!
Upload your video to youtube!
Submission (4 files)
A Zip all of your solution files.
Submit a screen print out of your program running.
Submit a screen print of your project in GitHub.
A link to your video on YouTube.
Opportunity: If there is an alternate project you would like to do as your final project,  please run it by me first for approval. 
You will still have to meet all the requirements for your final project listed above.  The program must do something, not just demonstrate the final project requirements. 

Tip: QA your program before you submit it, have a friend try it. 